add status metrics on prometheus (#4251)
open-policy-agent/opa: docs/content/monitoring.md

| go_memstats_mallocs_total | counter | Total number of mallocs. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_mcache_inuse_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes in use by mcache structures. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_mcache_sys_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes used for mcache structures obtained from system. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_mspan_inuse_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes in use by mspan structures. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_mspan_sys_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes used for mspan structures obtained from system. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_next_gc_bytes | gauge | Number of heap bytes when next garbage collection will take place. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_other_sys_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes used for other system allocations. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_stack_inuse_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes in use by the stack allocator. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_stack_sys_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes obtained from system for stack allocator. | STABLE |
| go_memstats_sys_bytes | gauge | Number of bytes obtained from system. | STABLE |
| go_threads | gauge | Number of OS threads created. | STABLE |
| http_request_duration_seconds | histogram | A histogram of duration for requests. | STABLE |

### Status Metrics

> When Prometheus is enabled in the status plugin (see [the configuration documentation](../configuration/#status), the OPA instance's Prometheus endpoint also exposes these metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Prometheus is enabled in the status plugin (see [Configuration](../configuration/#status)), the OPA instance's Prometheus endpoint also exposes these metrics:
```

| go_threads | gauge | Number of OS threads created. |
| http_request_duration_seconds | histogram | A histogram of duration for requests. |

> ### Status Metrics

Reviewer 2: It would be helpful to provide a description  in the status page of how these metrics would be laid out.

Author: Hey @ashutosh-narkar I’ve just updated the management-status doc with the prometheus section ;) I'm planning to create a grafana dashboard and commit it as an example. What do you think about that?

Reviewer: > I'm planning to create a grafana dashboard and commit it as an example.

I think this would be a great addition to the contrib repo, https://github.com/open-policy-agent/contrib 👍

Reviewer: Would you mind adding a "Status" column similarly to the example you've shared above, https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/blob/master/docs/cronjob-metrics.md? I think introducing the new metrics as "Experimental" would be a good first step:

1. we'll have some wiggle room to change them if need be
2. anyone using the new metrics will feel encouraged to give their feedback

What do you think?

Author: Good point, I will do that.

Reviewer: Thank you!

> When Status prometheus is enable (see [the configuration documentation](../configuration/#status)) the OPA also exposes these metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Prometheus is enabled in the status plugin (see [the configuration documentation](../configuration/#status), the OPA instance's Prometheus endpoint also exposes these metrics:
```

Or something like that...?
